[VOICE OVER] Let’s review some simple
best practices you can do to help
keep your organization’s information
secure, starting with paper documents.
Although we sometimes assume everything
is electronic today, there are numerous
cases where credit card information is
contained on paper documents.
You might not think that these need
to be secured, but they do.
Here are some things you can do when
handling paper documents to keep the
information safe:
● Lock up paper documents containing
credit card information when they’re not
in use and keep a log of what data
is kept and where.
● Properly destroy card data when it is
no longer needed.
● Use a carrier that provides tracking
information if sending papers containing
sensitive cardholder information.
● As a rule, never store card data for
longer than six months unless there is
a legal reason to do so.